# Sasha's Worklog

[[_TOC_]]

# 9-16-2024 - Team Meeting for Initial Planning and Mentor Prep
Things we added into the repo:
- Folders for : Datasheets, Code, Names as sub-directories (maybe make this a single worklog?), Bibliographic references needed
- Made Project Proposal

Things we finished today
First Draft of the Block Diagram with high level req's and subsystems. Also Rajeev did the Pictorial Diagram to show how the design is supposed to look.  


![]()

[link]()

